Port `cc52` (#2508)
psi4/psi4: doc/sphinxman/source/glossary_psivariables.rst

   The dipole polarizability [au] calculated at the CC2 level
   for a given (x) wavelength, (x) rounded to nearest integer.

.. psivar:: CC2 QUADRUPOLE POLARIZABILITY @ xNM

>    The quadrupole polarizability [au] calculated at the CC2 level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The quadrupole polarizability in atomic units [(e^2 a0^2)/E_h] calculated at the CC2 level
```

   The dipole polarizability [au] calculated at the CCSD level
   for a given (x) wavelength, (x) rounded to nearest integer.

.. psivar:: CCSD QUADRUPOLE POLARIZABILITY @ xNM

>    The quadrupole polarizability [au] calculated at the CCSD level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The quadrupole polarizability in atomic units [(e^2 a0^2)/E_h] calculated at the CCSD level
```
mercy on the user :-)

Author: I had better update the dipole polarizability docstring as well, then...
